fix: add information about target response into error message if inte… (#8281)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/apis/actionsv2/introduction.md

}
```

Only values from 400 to 499 will be forwarded through ZITADEL, other StatusCodes will end in a PreconditionFailed error.

> If the Target returns any other status code than >= 400, the execution is looked at as failed, and a PreconditionFailed error is logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Target returns any other status code than >= 200 and < 299, the execution is looked at as failed, and a PreconditionFailed error is logged.
```
